Observeers find it difficult even to get near the nimble mountain goat.
What accounts for this?
Their hooves are designed with two toes that can be spread wide apart.
This feature enables mountain goats to run, jump and feed between narrow ledges.
They can maintain their footing on a near vertical incline.
Researchers have tried to apply these design features to advanced footwear.
With only limited success, a horse can gallop at speeds up to 50 kilometres or 30 miles per hour.
Even more impressive is how efficiently the horse expands energy.
The secret is in its legs.
Like a spring, a horse's leg absorbs energy.
As its leg leaves the ground, that energy is released.
Specialised muscles act as shock absorbers.
Engineers are trying to imitate this design but are finding it a challenge.
During an eagle's flight, the feathers on the tips of its wings are practically vertical.
This configuration gives maximum lift with minimum wing length.
Engineers have studied such soaring birds as eagles with a view to designing more efficient aircraft.
The introduction of modified wing design that includes winglets has improved aircraft performance by as much as 15%.
Plains can now fly farther and carry more while saving fuel.
In the decade following the introduction of upturned wingtips, airlines worldwide saved 7,600 million litres or two billion gallons of jet fuel.
But the eagle's amazing design is not limited to flight.
As the eagle descends upon its prey, its eyes continuously adjust to maintain sharp focus throughout the approach.
What man-made camera comes even close to the stability of rapid refocus.
The behemoth mentioned in Job is generally identified as the hippopotamus.
A full grown hippo may be as large as 15 feet or 4 to 5 meters long and weigh around 8,000 pounds or 3,600 kilograms.
Its bones, particularly the vertebrae, form a strong rigid structure.
Its ribs and thick height protect it as it navigate such areas as rocky river beds.
You don't have to have bones like a hippo to appreciate their strength.
Bone is an essential part of countless living organisms.
Researchers say that bones are constructed in exactly the same way that reinforced concrete is constructed.
The steel of reinforced concrete provides the tensile strength, while the cement, sand and rock provide the compressional strength.
However, the compressional strength of bone is greater than that of even the best reinforced concrete.
Bone is superior to concrete in many other ways.
It responds to hormones that affect its growth and development and is even able to repair itself.
Also, like muscle, it slowly grows stronger as the load on it increases.
Leviathan, likely the crocodile, has an enormously powerful bite.
Some have a bite nearly three times more powerful than that of a lion, yet the crocodile's jaw is also more sensitive than the human fingertip.
It is covered with thousands of sense organs that come out of holes in the skull.
This design allows a mother to pick up her babies and gently carry them in her mouth.
Without a doubt, God's invisible qualities are clearly seen in the things he made.
We can also learn much from the other animal creation mentioned in Job, the wild bull, the stalk and the ostrich.
Why not study these animals during family worship and see what more can be learned about Jehovah's qualities?